Add adopters file (#640)
chaoss/grimoirelab: ADOPTERS.md

# GrimoireLab Adopters

This is the list of organizations and users that have publicly shared how
they are using GrimoireLab.

💡 **Add your organization by creating a PR**

The list of organizations that have publicly shared the usage of GrimoireLab:

| Organization                      | Success Story                                                                                                                                  |
|:----------------------------------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | [Bitergia](https://bitergia.com/) | We provide a ready-to-use platform - built on top of GrimoireLab - to empower managers to reach their business goals with Open Source metrics. |

Reviewer: Proposed alternative that is more inclusive of the different business lines Bitergia has.

```suggestion
| [Bitergia](https://bitergia.com/) | We offer a commercial ready-to-use platform, built with GrimoireLab, that gives managers software development analytics for the projects they care about. |
```

> <!-- append the line below to the table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- to append the table: insert a line above, using the format below
```
